I think that it's probably pretty easy in the sense that because the psychology
degree is applicable to so many different career tracks, um,
you're not as limited as you would be if you had a degree in geology,
for instance, Um, on the other hand, it is, um or, I would say,
especially at the bachelor's level, it's a more generalized skill set.
And so it might be harder for you to get jobs that require a very
specific skill set. So, like, you know, in mathematics or something
like that, that might be harder job to get with a degree in psychology.
But I think on balance, you'll have more jobs open to you with
or more career paths open to you with a degree in psychology.